it's definitely a sports car by every
definition of the world the air motion
concept is more of a vision than a real
car it's supposed to inspire and
enlighten to make excellent products for
the future but as we work with it we
realized it actually could become a
product here is the root of everything
what I wanted to do in this project is
eliminate any need for any kind of other
power source I wanted to eliminate
gasoline electricity so that it was just
completely powered by air a single idea
of air powering the refueling station
which the important things that the
replenishment stations are powered by
wind turbine balloons that float about a
thousand feet in there and so those
collect kinetic energy from the wind
convert it into electricity and that's
what powers the station and allows it to
compress the air to power the car so it
doesn't use any fossil fuels at all I
started off with a bunch of different
shapes that are inspired by air and when
you know fast looking forms because we
wanted this to be a fun fast car
and so I started playing around with
those corners they kind of guided me in
which direction to go into and then we
kind of narrowed it down to one design
and kept you know kept going with that
and that's what it turned into the real
sleek clamshell design the top shell
bottom shell and an interior piece in
between just so it would be really
lightweight and simple eliminating all
the suspension component just having the
shells act as the suspension as we were
developing it Dean had the idea of
having the people sit back to back so
the interior the front and rear crash
boxes the tank is all housed in one
carbon fiber shell and it really makes
it more efficient you know so you're
eliminating thousands and thousands of
parts I think for the form designer for
performing essentially quite
sophisticated the most important thing
is the inspiration and the offsprings on
technologies like by technology is
smaller air compressors smaller breaks
more efficient structures etc so I think
the most important for us is company is
the intellectual properties that we're
going to gain from this but of course it
could be built and we'll see
you